1pm on the first day.

I would like to use 2016 data to train an model to try and use for the 2024 olypics

Basic Plan at the start 
1) Basic historic data
2) Looking at last year events
3) Find who is competeting this year
4) Attempt to make an ML model for the 2016 -> to 2021 then use it for 2024

I am making a google slides to write down what I have done and track
big measuerments

2:40 on the first day

I have looked at 2016 data and generated graphs and percents for a rough idea. 

I want to make an UI for the user to use to estimate each country winning an events
This would require me sorting by past events and country along with giving 
more recent years a higher infulace compared to older years. 

Could I look at the last 3 years of Summer Olympics and give each year a weight
to calcaute the percent of a repreate happening. 
(0.2)(2012 percent) + (0.4)(2016 percent) + (0.6)(2021 percent)
As we get closer to today there is a higher chance of the same people. 

This might not work becuase the data given does not have where countries have
won thier medals

11:14 on the first day
I changed my dataset to all recoreded Olympic games and just pulled the 3 most recent games. 
Since I had to redo everything it took awhile. I can not guess what percent of medals each Country 
will win. I want to try to quickly also get a table with the number of medals each country will win.

I sadly can not do my last two objectives (because I have an interview I need to study for and I can't mess up my sleep schulde) 
and I wanted to drop them anyways and replace them with a GUI that would let you search for
any country and it would tell you how many medals or the percent chance. I might wake up early
tomorrow and try to quickly code the GUI. I have an enegy drink that might help. 

11:29 on the first day
I added the table it went quicker than expeted. I might be able to add the GUI if I wake up
early enough. I also need to comment all my code. I have been lost in the excitment. 
I also want to sort them by who has the most in total

7:09 Second day

Good morning!
Time to comment my code and then try and sort my data